
Having clean understandable code is one of the most important things you can do as a developer. Doing things like adding comments so someone looking at your code can follow it or using coding techniques that keep your code clean can go a long way.  This example uses a java .properties file to provide a flexible way to pass values such as the job name, the location for logback.xml file to the compiled code of the spark job. It's important to note that the .properties file used in this example doesn't need to be found or referenced within the actual source code of the project.  However, it does need to be able to be found at runtime by the spark submit process.  Therefore, you will notice that the .properties file is only in this project for reference purposes.  The .properties file path is relative to the directory where you deploy your .jar file on a server.  For example, if your jar is in a folder called jobs, you can configure your code to look for the .properties file in a subdirectory of the jobs folder or a nested folder called config as done in this example.  This example can be run on a single node DataStax Enterprise (DSE) cluster with Analytics enabled or a multi-node (DSE) cluster with Analytics enabled.   

Similar to spark-logback-example-two job, this example job doesn't require the use of --driver-java-options "=Dlogback.configurationFile=" option with spark-submit as found in spark-logback-example-one.  The reference to a specific logback.xml file can be shared between jobs or you could create custom logback.xml file for each job using a name like application_name.logback.xml.  The logback.xml file is configured with a parameter ${jobname}, which takes a value set within the job using System.setProperty to provide the job name.  The job name is set in the .properties file.   

To run:

dse -u cassandra -p yourpassword spark-submit --class com.java.spark.SparkPropertiesFileExample /pathtojobsfolderonyourserver/spark-properties-file-example-0.1.jar

Configuration and Data Files:

Configuration and data files are located in the src/main/resources folder.  You will need to place these files in the appropriate location based upon your development and server environment.  